hey friends thank you so much for
watching today is subscriber
appreciation day for my channel it's
been such a long time since I've done a
pretty big giveaway for you guys so I
just wanted to do this give way to show
my appreciation to thank you all for
watching so with that said let's go
ahead to the prices cuz i know you don't
care about me talking you just want to
see the prizes right so i bought this
for you guys a long time ago when i'm so
happy i can finally give it to you guys
it's a super cute pink kate spade bag
tell me why i want to keep it so bad but
it's for you guys I feel like I'm the
type of person like I feel good getting
you guys stuff but then like I'm I just
can't seem to keep things for myself
like I buy it for you guys so I'm so
excited it comes with a baggie and it
still has a tag just in case you guys
want to give it to someone if you do end
up winning this giveaway because you
know not everyone it's not their style
or something so I have a tag for you
guys and then I'm also giving away a
brand-new instyler auto curler by the
way every single price that i'm giving
away I will have pictures on a blog post
aprilathena7 calm so you guys can check
it out over there I also got you guys in
em cosmetics palette I actually have the
same exact one it's got so many colors
losses blushes I shadows and the brush
to be honest I don't like the brush
though like the eyeshadows are fine but
the brush I never liked the brushes that
go with like the palette but I'm excited
because we can be twinsies because I
have the same exact one you guys are
also going to get this eyes define kit
from the Leto studio if you guys have
been watching for a long time you guys
know I love I'm a local so I wanted a
hook you guys up with some of my I'm a
local favorites this no strip pack you
guys I love this no strip pack it gets
all that gunk out of your nose so I want
you guys to have
one have fun with it and then also these
really cute eyelashes oh my goodness
they're gorgeous and also I have a cold
with I'm a local it is just for you you
can get ten percent off your entire
purchase if you guys are interested but
that code is not like the Commission
code or anything and then you guys are
going to be getting some benefit
cosmetics goodies this is there is
they're real mascara and then it's also
the they're real push-up liner and also
the remover because you know that man
that like that liner is hard to remove
so it also comes with a remover that you
do buy / separately but you guys get it
all all this your eyes are going to be
popping they're also going to get this
fancy rose toner the thing is I make my
own roast owner but if you don't want to
make your own you can buy it and this is
my bazak hair the nature the PR company
actually sent this to me and it's so
luxurious I wanted you guys to be able
to have it instead of me so hope you
guys like that and then I am also going
to be giving away this it cosmetics
naturally pretty palette I worked with
them a couple of months ago like you
guys remember and i did a video and they
sent me to and I saved it for a good way
so like the same exact product so I
wanted you guys to have one so you guys
are going to get one of these two and by
the way if I'm going too fast on the
prizes remember the blog post April
demon 7.com you guys can see it there
and then I bought this at target back in
late December I've been shopping for you
guys for a while because you know it
takes a while to to be able to purchase
like things for giveaways this is really
cool it's like an emergency kit it comes
with like a hairbrush and what is this
boy didn't even look Oh a lint roller
that's so cool and because we're just a
bunch of stuff like a sewing kit little
containers I love this actually bought
myself one and I have it like in the
glove compartment never really opened it
because I never needed it yet but it's a
good
emergency kit and then I got you guys
some glam glow I actually did a video
demoing how to make your own and I
actually had to buy glam glow to compare
it to you know so I got these like three
sample kits at sephora so I saved one
for you guys to have in case you don't
want to make your own and then some lip
glaze oh my goodness I got you guys a
couple this is actually from the PR
company you know I'm not going to hide
that this is their la girl lip-paint
glaze and I just have a bunch of
different colors for you guys to enjoy
the banks to LA girl for this and then
you guys are also going to be getting a
skechers performance division wireless
activity tracker and then when while
just came out with some lashes so I
wanted you guys to test them out and let
me know how it goes these new false
lashes and then oh my goodness you guys
I hope you guys stay till the very end
to see more of these giveaways because
this is a pretty spectacular one it's an
Emporium armani watch and it's a
gorgeous like gold and then leather
strap I hope you guys like it i bought
this on the zulily site zulily is like
one of my favorite sites this up to shop
I love zulily thredUP love me some
target uh-huh no but um yeah zulily it
wasn't it was on discount so I wanted to
buy it because I thought it was cute for
a giveaway and I definitely want to buy
more watches for you guys in the future
like lemare watches they're really cute
too and then I also wanted to give you
guys the new me argan oil I still have
some and I wanted to give you guys one
of my backups because this argan oil is
so great it's great for applying after
you styling our hair before or if you
don't even style your hair you just put
it all over your hair and make your hair
so shiny and so soft and moisturize
especially in the ends where it gets
really dry and then some more lashes
drugstore lashes you guys are Dell is
one of my favorite drugstore on false
lashes line so I want you guys to try
this it's 110 and it comes with the blue
already and also an applicator so it
makes it easy and then I also wanted you
guys to enjoy one of my favorite summer
sense it's the pacifica Hawaiian from be
guava perfume is the rollerball that I
have
so we're gonna be twinsies you guys so I
wonder you guys to test it up to this is
my favorite and last but not least get
yourself summer-ready with these
temporary tattoos and I got this from
the data and giveaway friends I hope you
guys are excited if you are give this
video a thumbs up this giveaway is
definitely open to all my aprilathena7
subscribers so i hope that your friends
will be able to support my channel by
subscribing and also the additional
information i'll just link down below
because it's easier for you guys because
if i say you're gonna do what would
would like what do i do so i figured hey
let's just put in the info box and
definitely follow me on instagram at
aprilathena7 because sometimes i do
giveaways on instagram instead of my
youtube my youtube is like I don't do as
many I do more on the Instagram or
hidden giveways more because um I feel
like hidden giveaways are really great
to give away to those who you know have
always watched till the very end but I
also all of you like whether or not you
do watch regularly or one video or just
give away videos like you know like I
owe you guys a giveaway as well so I
wanted to do this big one so I hope that
you guys enter it is international as
always I always always try to do
international but I hope you guys check
out all the details down below I love
you friends and I will see you in my
video
you